you're what's up people up this last one
or turtle for unity then we're going to
start off with adding a skybox because
if you look at the sky box what is now
we just gray and it sucks so we're going
to 80th link click on render settings
we're going to add skybox just dive in
sky box and we'll find someone okay
think this one's good oh ok it's good
enough for me okay what we're going to
do next is we're gonna click on the
train and we going to add some mines
there to my distinctions to you click on
the first one okay then we're going to
add some mountains well we did it by
just clicking on the train like with all
the other stuff if you say oh no I don't
like this monitor it's too high for you
just press shift and go a little bit
lower just like that if you want to
create a platform or higher surface well
it's pretty easy just click on the
second function press shift on that I to
select that now you and then it will
create a train on that high so just like
this a bit careful I want it brush size
I'm going to make this a little bit like
this looks a little better and like that
our charts were coming walk on
okay well just like this okay now not
now I'm gonna learn you how to add grass
how do we do that it's pretty easy you
just go to train and go to this little
thing over here but it took added
details and then add grass it's pretty
easy just like this you scroll a little
down typically fine grass or just just
by typing grass because I have a lot of
textures okay you can change the color
but it's fine color fine actually I've
trust immunity yeah take this bathroom
is pretty nice for my grass they have to
change the past the British eyes a
little bit and the capacity of capacity
all over lower our times you're gonna
have too much grass just like this and
there's some flakes we add grass how
easy is that well you have to zoom in to
see the grass if you can see really bad
grass beds behind you can make others if
you want not so good but spine know okay
now I'm gonna add our first person
controller how do we do that we type in
first and they will see that you're
standing first version control just like
that okay when I go to game press play
if you see we fall through ground how do
we fix that we go to seen again and we
gotta drag your charts a little bit up
just like damp oh I'm sorry the arrows
of course nothing will drag it out a
little bit for shrooms well if you saw
them will change it into three it's
pretty big now then the grass is a lot
better trust me
okay now now the grass is not so huge
anymore well if you can see the trees
are pretty big but if you want bigger
trees just kind of a view that at all if
you can see the nice guy box and stuff
so our game start to look like something
you can see there is a nice pad or we're
burning to death okay that was it for
this for today I hope you enjoy it
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe